KEYBOARD REFERENCE

A)	Attack - Attempt to engage thy foe with the weapon thou hast readied (Ready Weapon command); must be 
followed by the direction of thy foe.
B)	Board - Board a vessel or mount a horse.
C)	Cast - Cast a magical spell; must be followed by the number of the player who wishes to cast it (not 
needed in combat or in dungeon rooms), and then the first letter of the desired spell.  Note: All spells must 
have reagents mixed in advance of casting.
D)	Descend - Climb down ladder to next level of dungeon or building.
E)	Enter - Go into such places as villages, townes, castles, dungeons and shrines.
F)	Fire - Fire a ship's cannons (once thou hast Boarded); must be followed by a direction.  Note: Broadsides 
only!
G)	Get Chest - Attempt to open (and disarm, if trapped) chest; must be followed by the number of the player 
who wishes to open the chest, except during combat and in dungeon rooms.  Note: 'Tis wisest to use the 
player with the highest Dexterity when examining potentially dangerous chests as this lessens the chances 
of setting off any traps.
H)	Hole up and camp - Set up camp to rest and recover from thy wounds.
Note:	This command may only be used successfully with limited frequency.
1)		Ignite a torch - Light a torch for illumination in dungeons.  Requires a special item.
J)	Jimmy lock - Use a magical key to unlock a sealed door.  Must be followed by the direction of the door 
that thou dost wish to unlock.
K)	Klimb - Climb up a ladder to the next level of a building or dungeon, or to reach the surface from the 
topmost level of a dungeon.
L)	Locate Position - Requires a special item.
M)	Mix Reagents - Prepare material components of spells for later use.
	Note:	Thou must have reagents mixed ahead of time in order to cast any spells.  When asked 
"Reagent:". 	type the letter corresponding to the reagents desired and then type [Return] when thou wishes to 
mix them.  	N New order - Exchanges the position of two players indicated within thy
0)	party, except for player #l, for thou must lead the party.  Open door - Open a door in the direction 
indicated.
P)	Peer at gem - Requires a special item.
Q)	Quit & Save - Saves the current game status to disk; thou may continue after this command or power 
down thy computer.
R)	Ready a weapon - Equip a player with the weapon of thy choice (if owned) for use in combat.
S)	Search - Search thy exact current location for unusual items.
T)	Talk - Allows a player to converse with merchants or townesfolk in the direction indicated. 
U)	Use - Use an item thou hast found during play by means of the "Search" command.
V)	Volume - Toggles sound effects on or off.
W) 		Wear armour - Outfits a player with the armour of thy choice if owned for defense in combat.
X) 		Xit - That's (e)xit thy current form of transportation and continue on foot.
Y) 		Yell - Yell "giddyup" or "whoa" to speed up or slow down thy horse.
Z) 		Ztats - Displays the status and attributes of a selected player; if 0 is pressed instead of a player number, 
this 	command will display the lists of weapons, armour, items, reagents and mixtures.  The left and 
right arrow 	keys will scroll through these lists, while pressing any other key will return thee to game 
play.

   ARROW KEYS 	Control movement. North/South/East/West

